TL improvement (#573)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_018.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500917", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…ますます胡散臭いのです。",

> 			NULL, "\"...It sounds more bogus.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...This is getting more and more dubious.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "彼女はあくまで、知らないふうを装う。…それでも目が合った途端、無意識にそれをかわすしぐさを見て取って私は、鷹野さんが図星を突かれて動揺していることを悟った。",

> 			NULL, "She doggedly pleaded ignorance. ...Still, I noticed Takano-san unconsciously avert her gaze any time I looked her in the eyes, so I could tell that the question had hit the mark and she was unsettled.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "She pleaded ignorance to the bitter end. ...Still, I noticed Takano-san unconsciously avert her gaze any time I looked her in the eyes, so I could tell that the question had hit the mark and she was unsettled.", Line_Normal);
```
